Add release notes for 1.66.0 (#4310)
FusionAuth/fusionauth-site: astro/src/content/releases/v1-66-0.mdx

---
version: "1.66.0"

> date: 2026-05-06

Author: ```suggestion
date: 2026-05-05
```

description: "FusionAuth 1.66.0 tightens security for one endpoint that we missed in 1.65.0."
---
import Item from 'src/components/docs/release-notes/ReleaseNotesItem.astro';
import Breadcrumb from 'src/components/Breadcrumb.astro';

> <Item category="breaking-change" issue="3452">

Reviewer: Probably fine to link to this old issue as it is the same scope of work.

In `1.65.0`, we hardened endpoint security by requiring global API keys for endpoints that impact a FusionAuth installation beyond the scope of a single tenant.

Unfortunately, we didn't harden our [webhook endpoints](/docs/apis/webhooks) this way, despite them deserving the fix. This remedies that error.

As a result, these endpoints:
* no longer accept tenant-scoped API keys
* respond with a `401` error code whenever a user provides the `X-FusionAuth-TenantId` header
* no longer support the top-level `tenantId` property in [Kickstart](/docs/get-started/download-and-install/development/kickstart) configurations

This impacts the following endpoints:

* `/api/webhook`
* `/api/system/webhook-attempt-log`
* `/api/system/webhook-event-log`
* `/api/system/webhook-event-log/search`
* `/api/webhook/search`

</Item>

<Item category="fix">
Fixed a cosmetic issue in our Lambda editor: code comments were previously rendered orange-red. Comments are now rendered as gray to de-emphasize them.
</Item>

<Item category="fix">

> Improved the Admin UI error message that displays when a theme is missing a message. Previously, the error message didn't make it clear which template section (stylesheet, messages, helpers) lacked a message. Now, the theme editor shows which template section needs fixing.

Reviewer 2: I would change this to something like:
```suggestion
Improved advanced theme validation in the Admin UI:
* Added checks for missing messages. Previously, if a theme lacked messages, but included all required templates, it would not be flagged for requiring an update.
* The theme editor now associates error messages with template sections.
```
